Update README (#1151)
GPflow/GPflow: README.md

  Ghahramani. GPflow is an open source project so if you feel you have some relevant skills and are interested in contributing then please do contact us.

## What does GPflow do?

GPflow implements modern Gaussian process inference for composable kernels and likelihoods. The [online documentation (develop)](http://gpflow.readthedocs.io/en/develop/)/[(master)](http://gpflow.readthedocs.io/en/master/) contains more details.

GPflow 2.0 uses [TensorFlow 2.0](http://www.tensorflow.org) for running computations, which allows fast execution on GPUs, and uses Python ≥ 3.6.

## Install GPflow

- From source

  With the release of _TensorFlow 2.0_ and _Tensorflow Probability_ 0.8, you should
  only need to run

  ```bash
  pip install -e .
  ```

  in a check-out of the `develop` branch of the GPflow github repository.

- Using `pip`

  ```bash
  pip install gpflow
  ```

## Getting Started with GPflow 2.0

There is an ["Intro to GPflow 2.0"](https://github.com/GPflow/GPflow/blob/develop/doc/source/notebooks/intro_to_gpflow2.ipynb) Jupyter notebook. Check it out for details.

- **GPflow 1.0**

>   *We stop the support for GPflow based on TensorFlow 1.0. We accept bug fixes only to GPflow   1.0 in **develop-1.0** branch. Latest available release is [v1.5.1](https://github.com/GPflow/GPflow/releases/tag/v1.5.1).*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  *We have stopped development and support for GPflow based on TensorFlow 1.0. We now accept only bug fixes to GPflow 1.0 in the **develop-1.0** branch. The latest available release is [v1.5.1](https://github.com/GPflow/GPflow/releases/tag/v1.5.1).*
```

Reviewer: tempted to just commit this, but you should do it. happy to accept with this done.
